I'll help you do that, Kazutora.
Hold on just a second!
Baji!
You're one of the
founding members of Toman,
along with Mikey,
isn't that right?
Why are you betraying them?
You know nothing about it.
If you did you'd know he's
a founding member too.
Huh?
(chuckles)
Kazutora has an old
grudge against Toman.
I'll never forget it.
The summer of 2003,
when I was a first-year
in middle school.
We were running wild.
It was the middle of summer,
but it was a
slightly chilly day.
(motor revving)
Beach time, bitches!
Damn this rocks!
So amazing!
Man that ocean
breeze feels so good!
Hey grandpa!
Why ya gotta go so slow?
What the hell am
I s'posed to do?
It's not my fault
he's so damn slow.
[Unison] Hurry it up, Mikey!
(opening theme music)
Mikey, dude.
You gotta quit tryin'
to rock that moped.
You're our commander.
Get a real motorcycle already.
Nah, thanks.
But my old ride
suits me just fine!
You're not tryin' to
shit on my Street Hawk?
My CB250T 50cc Model.
Man you can call it
anything you want.
But it's still just a
damn moped you know.
Ya can't even rev
that wimpy thing.
Not without it taking off on ya!
And believe me I've seen
that happen to guys!
Sounds just like Mikey actually.
Only with Mikey it'd be slower!
(grumbles)
I know you'd prefer
to have a real CB250.
But there's no one older here
who's about to let you have one.
[Male Mermaid A] Hey hey,
lookie what we got here!
[Male Mermaid B] Seriously?
Wook at the cute widdle boys
in their brand-new
matching gang jackets!
Tokyo Manji Gang, huh?
Nope, never heard of ya.
Where the hell'd you loser
wannabes wash up from?
This here is Yokohama, cupcakes!
If you little shits wanna
play pretend gangster
then you came to
the wrong place!
Get yer asses back home!
(grumbles)
Well I don't know about you.
But I figure as long as we're
all here getting acquainted.
I'm gonna scrap that
piece-of-shit moped of yours.
I'm sure you won't mind!
If you lay one finger on
my precious Street Hawk,
you're dead.
Huh?
Aahh, it's not worth it.
But the next time we
catch you around here
we're gonna mess
you up, big time!
Yeah, and we're gonna torch
all your crap bikes too!
Come on back when
you grow some balls!
(laughter)
Whattya wanna do?
Go and kill 'em?
Goin' five against five
we'd kick their
heads in in no time.
They already left,
so I say let it go.
I ain't exactly the brains
here so you guys decide.
Anyway it's all because of
your stupid bike, Mikey.
[Kazutora] Yeah,
you got that right!
[Mikey] Huh?
What's that supposed to mean?
I think you guys
really pussed out.
We shoulda ripped those
assholes a new one man.
Yeah you got that right.
Mikey's gotten way mellow
ever since he started
hanging out with Draken.
(laugh)
Yeah I woulda beaten that
guy's ugly face to a pulp.
[Mikey] Uh oh.
What's the matter, Mikey?
I think I'm outta gas.
You're shittin' me!
How many times did we
tell you to fill it up?
For a leader you kinda suck
at plannin' stuff, huh Mikey?
Push it to a gas station.
We'll meet up with you
later on at the beach.
You know what, this is a
full-blown emergency you guys!
Toman is in some
serious shit now!
Say what?
Hate to break it to ya, Mikey,
but you runnin' outta gas
is your problem, not--
It's not just my problem!
Which means the guy who's
walking to the gas station is...
You can't mean that.
Seriously?
And here we go again.
The loser at Roshambo!
[Unison] Yeah I knew it.
That's harsh man.
Damn it!
It's freaking hot out here.
How the hell'd I
get stuck with this?
Thanks for nothing, Mikey!
[Unison] Oohh!
We're at the beach, bitches!
Let's do it, Mitsuya!
You can't keep up with me!
Last one into open
water buys lunch!
You don't stand
a chance, Draken!
Aaghh!
Seriously?
When there are all these
beautiful babes here?
[Unison] Ah man!
Now those are a
sight for sore eyes!
(lecherous chuckle)
Hm.
Oh, hey wait
Where's, Mikey?
Sure, just push the damn
thing to a gas station.
Except there ain't one
anywhere near here!
Well well, what have we here?
It's one of those little
shits from before.
Out of gas huh?
Can't get lamer than that!
Yer little friends left ya eh?
(seething anger growl)
Remember how we told ya
we were gonna mess you up
the next time we saw you?
(fighting, punching
efforts, grunts)
(heaving breaths, panting)
You're tougher than ya
look, I'll give ya that.
Well we can destroy that
punk-ass moped of his at least!
(growls)
(charging-ahead yelling)
(laughter)
Huh?
You gotta be shittin' me!
Piece o' shit!
(astonished gasps)
Lay one hand on Mikey's
precious ride and you're dead!
Ehh what the?
Is that stupid moped really
all that important to ya?
Hmph!
What the hell are
you smilin' about?
You're all just sheep.
What you?
Not one of you is even
worthy to ride those bikes.
The hell'd you say?
Shut up you little shit!
Smash 'em both, guys!
(dark menacing chuckles)
[Mikey] Hey there.
Huh?
Now what?
Another victim?
Hey guys, another piece
of trash just strolled in.
Whoa, it's Mikey.
I had to come back.
I forgot my trunks.
(loud crash)
(shock, horror)
Holy shit dude!
Did you really do that?
You assholes.
(puzzled, alarmed)
You'll pay
for wrecking something
so near and dear to me.
Huh!
You're the one who
kicked it over!
(aghast, shock)
Baji, you good?
You ended up getting hurt
over such a dumb thing.
I'm sorry.
It's all right, Mikey.
If you're okay, then...
Let's finish this off.
Let's kill 'em all.
(awed)
We'll see who gets
killed, dumbasses!
(charge yell)
Even back then, Mikey
was an invincible badass.
Hey, Kazutora.
Where are we going to now?
Well, Mikey's birthday's
coming up, right?
So we're goin' shopping
for a present for him!
What kinda present?
We got no money.
No need!
Huh?
We're gonna get him a CB250T!
Nobody has one of those!
What's up?
(sly chuckle)
Just trust me, I got this!
Over there.
That's the place.
[Baji] It's here?
Yeah.
There it is.
A CB250T.
It's beautiful!
Alright.
Let's steal it.
Huh?
Wait we can't do that!
Why not?
There's no way Mikey
would go for that.
He'd never want us to
get him one that way.
You dumbass.
We don't need to tell
him how we got it!
The only way kids
like us ever get one
is if somebody gives us one.
Or if we steal one.
Come on, what're you
freaking out about?
There's no way that gas
tank's gonna be empty.
This is a piece of cake.
Dumbass!
That is not the point here!
I'm tryin' to tell
you stealing is bad!
But you wanna see
Mikey happy right?
This is the way!
And you know this is the
bike he's always dreamed of.
I know all that but...
This is messed up!
You're always the
first one to complain!
And yet, here you are
again, right by my side!
Let's go.
Seriously?
It actually opened!
Yeah!
And no security
alarms or anything!
Sweet.
What're you doing just
standing there, Baji?
Are we really gonna
do this, Kazutora?
Keep it down, dude!
Well, there's no
turning back now!
Just shut up.
Which way do we go?
Look there, Baji.
Whoa!
It's a CB250T!
It's so awesome!
Wait, this one isn't new.
Huh.
Yeah, you're right.
It must be here for maintenance.
This is a total custom job!
Look at those fat
tires and wheels!
Damn, this bike...
Mikey would look so
super badass on this!
(light chuckle)
Alright, gimme the bolt-cutters.
Damn it!
Sucker doesn't want to break!
Hurry up dammit!
I think I almost got it!
Yeah we did it!
Alright!
Let's roll it out!
It's got gas in the tank!
Let's start it!
No not yet!
I'll go out front and
open the shutters up.
Yeah, okay!
Hurry up!
This might actually
work, Kazutora!
I know!
When we give this to Mikey,
he's gonna freak out!
Yeah!
You're gonna have the
best birthday ever, Mikey!
Hey!
(gasp)
The hell's this?
You robbin' me?
(gasp)
Oh shit!
You picked the wrong shop
to break into, you asshole.
Damn!
And he's got a weapon!
This is bad!
You thieving little bastard!
You thought you could
get away with this?
No way!
Oh man we're so screwed!
He totally saw my face!
Even if we make it out of
here we'll be arrested!
Now what are we gonna do?
Huh?
Hey, wait a sec...
You look familiar.
(fright gasp)
Are you Keisuke?
Shi...
Shinichiro?
What're you doing?
Why are you in here?
More like what are you
doing here in my shop?
This is your shop?
Shinichiro?
(fright gasp)
No Kazutora, don't!
Time to get outta here, Baji!
(loud crash)
Huh?
Oh my god, what have
you done, Kazutora?
Huh?
What was I supposed to do?
He saw your face!
No dumbass!
You don't know what
I'm talking about!
This guy's name is Shinichiro!
Huh?
And I know him 'cause...
Because he's Mikey's
older brother!
Huh?
Shinichiro!
Shinichiro, no!
Mikey's brother?
No way!
What're we gonna do?
Kazutora!
What are we gonna do?
Dude, he stopped breathing!
He's not breathing anymore!
(panting)
Shinichiro!
What have we done?
This can't be happening!
How could we've made
such a huge mistake?
We were trying to steal a bike
that belonged to
Mikey's older brother!
What do we do?
(panting)
I didn't do it!
I didn't kill him, did I?
We have to get him help!
My god if I'd known,
I never woulda,
I wouldn'ta hit him if I
knew it was Mikey's brother!
We have to call
for an ambulance.
We'll call for an ambulance
and then get out of here!
But it doesn't make any sense!
I was only doing this for
Mikey in the first place!
What's that number?
Gotta think!
I don't...
I don't understand!
I only wanted to do
something nice for Mikey!
Huh?
Oh shit!
The cops!
We've gotta get outta here!
Come on!
Wait a sec, this
whole thing wasn't me!
Not my fault!
This is Mikey's fault isn't it?
Huh?
Now I see!
Uhhm, Kazutora?
So that's the answer!
I have to kill Mikey!
(horror gasp)
Roger that, dispatch.
We have two suspects in
custody at the scene.
One victim, severe head trauma,
en route to the
hospital by ambulance,
code three, condition critical,
and believed to
be the shop owner.
Tentative ID one
Shinichiro Sano.
One suspect captured
with weapon at the scene;
lab is dusting for prints, over.
I don't get it!
How could any of
this have happened?
Must kill, must kill Mikey.
No way.
No way!
[Mikey] Baji!
Huh?
What's going on?
Mikey!
What happened in there?
I'm so sorry!
Must kill, must kill Mikey.
(sobbing)
(closing theme music)